**Quickmatch is back!**

We're excited to release the first iteration of our quickmatch implementation. You will find that the 'quickmatch' button on the menu is now enabled, and 2 playlists are available for your selection:

1. 1v1 FFA (Random armies)
2. 6-8 Player FFA (Random armies)

Armies will be revealed on the load screen in both modes.
FFA desires to have 8 players, but after reaching 6 players, the match will start after 30 seconds.

You can select which playlist and maps you would like to play on by pressing 'Setup'.

Quickmatch now also supports custom maps, and we've partnered with map makers Tanso, ReLaX, cncHD, Specovik, Mp3, Jundiyy & Bamovich to provide a curated set of custom maps for QuickMatch:

1v1 Maps:
* Snowy Drought ZH v5
* Natural Threats ZH v4
* Arctic Lagoon ZH v2
* ZH Carrier is Over v2
* Vendetta ZH v1
* TD NoBugsCars ZH v1
* Sand Scorpion
* Mountain Mayhem v2
* Liquid Gold ZH v2
* Imminent Victory ZH v2
* Egyptian Oasis ZH v1
* Desolated District ZH v1
* Canyon of the Dead ZH v2
* Blossoming Valley ZH v1
* Barren Badlands Balanced ZH v2

FFA Maps:
* Defcon6 (6 player)
* Beijing Uprise v4 (6 player)
* Taiga Terror (6 player)
* Swamp Assault v3 [WBC2021] (7 player)
* Muddy Madness ZH v1 (8 player)
* Wastelands Dust ZH v1 (8 player)

If you are having issues finding a match in your current playlist we recommend pressing the "Widen" button, which will expand the search criteria and should matchmake you quicker (provided sufficient players are online).

---
**Ladders**

Ladders are now present for all games played in quick match and can be viewed online at https://www.playgenerals.online/leaderboards.

3 ladders are available currently: Daily, Monthly and Annual. These reset on their respective cadence based on the GMT timezone.

Scoring Criteria:
* Every player starts the respective leaderboard with 100 points
* A 1v1 victory will yield you 1% of the opponents current points
* A 1v1 loss will lose you 1% of your current points
* A FFA victory will yield you 0.5% of each opponents current points
* A FFA loss will lose you 0.5% of your current points

As part of this update, an in-game stats reset has occured. So you will find your Wins/Losses or in-game level have reset.

---
**Match History & Metadata**

Match history is now available online (https://www.playgenerals.online/matchhistory) and includes participants, outcome, gameplay stats a well as screenshots for anti-cheat purposes and a per-user replay.

Data is currently retained for 30 days, and can take up to 10m after the match ends before it will appear online. Any match which is still in progress, even if you have left, will not display until the match is fully conclused.

Data will not be uploaded for 1 player only matches, or matches which include any AI.

No cheating infractions will be enforced for solo games or games which include AI (even if other humans are present).

If any data is uploaded which you wish to remove, contact privacy@playgenerals.online. All requests to remove data will be checked for cheating violations before being removed.

You can also find the match history link for your current match in the results screen, or simply click the 'view match online' button on the results screen.

---
**Performance Improvements**
We've spent time optimizing GeneralsOnline, which thus far in testing has resulted in a 2x FPS boost. This should also improve responsiveness and lag in the late game with a lot of units/activity, even for those with the FPS cap enabled.

---
**Other Changes**
* Added lobby commands /setpassword and /removepassword to add/remove password during lobby setup screen
* A full mesh connectivity check now occurs on press start and will not allow the host to start the game until every player is connected to every other player
* Client stability improvements
* Service stability improvements
* Hide User IDs on UI to enable anonymous matches/tournaments
* Obfuscate password on lobby create UI (for streamers)
* Shutdown cleanly when applying updates
* Updater improvements
* Favorite team (team number, not army) is no longer saved
* Show the update failed page if the updater doesn't download correctly
* Stats now show on the load screen correctly
* Stats now register correctly
* Players show a different ping icon on the lobby screen if they're still connecting (a 'target' icon), and then show ping indicator (green/red/yellow circle) once connected
* Latency & connection state etc show in player tooltip (hover over name) during lobby
* Removed /c and /conns commands as these are no longer necessary with the above changes
* Removed the "connected to <x>" message in lobby chat as these are no longer necessary with the above changes
* Improvements to connectivity and disconnection handling
* 60hz is no longer referred to as "experimental" in the launcher and is refered to as "modern experience". This reflects the fact that the majority of you play on this mode, and we believe any remaining issues are visual and that all 60hz gameplay affecting issues have been resolved


---
We will be providing a 'whats next' update in a few days.

Thank you for your patience as we worked on this large update - Enjoy!
